okay here we are in cuernavaca mexico
just outside of Mexico City by about an
hour's like the Greenwich of New York
and the focus and horizon at forgetting
that you come if that's the okay now 30
years ago no I can't they go off blasted
up there was an accident just a muppet
no but that was over to LA now that this
is still claim to be an active of him
to create the other
can we mouse that from you know gosh I
be 15 yes Doug be my guess
did better for next week
they're the closest to
that's still on the top hey Troy
they're making
fun to get up here sleep tonight chef
haha that would be pretty cold woman
and by Sunrise you're on top so I said
the two asian boy I want to do that cuz
you're up without my job to go up there
sorry love to be found here where my
life where we are
now I need to get clear of you some days
Canada
this is a view of my father's porch
later in part Sioux that shelf shaped
building I will shell to drive over to
pick up epithet a volcano and then part
3 and 4 i'll show the climb up that when
we climb volcano over below it's roughly
18,000 feet here I'm the altitude at my
father's place is 6,000 feet in Mexico
and a few years after i did this video
the volcano erupted and blew its top
believe it or not so it's not even
shaped the same way it was perfectly
cone-shaped volcano gorgeous volcano